## Remarks

Hi, Rahul. Thank you for submitting the final report for evaluation. This is to inform you that your report has been approved for the viva presentation. Please see the comments for your reference. 1. The executive summary is poorly written, and it does not highlight the key content of each section of the final report. You have such a long list of methods, results, and recommendations, but you have not summarized them. 2. It looks like you have changed the objectives of the second problem. The analysis should be the loss of revenue due to the rise of competition, and this has to be uncovered from the collected data before and after the competition. Whenever you change the objective, please clearly mention it with proper justification. 3. I don't see the need to add code snippets in the methods/analysis section. Instead, you should add a description of the methods. For example, what is a grid search, and how does it estimate the parameters for a model ( p, d, q)? It is difficult to understand what the code is doing? However, the description may help readers to understand the process of estimating them. Similarly, what are ACF and PACF plots, and what are their uses? They should be explained here before using them in the results section. 4. Why was the outlier checking not done before training the model? Where are the training and testing of the regression models? Can you add the model with the parameters for both: time-series forecasting model and the regression model? Why were EOQ, reorder point, or safety stocks not estimated for the first problem? 5. I do not see the references to the charts and tables while doing the interpretation. Why? 6. Try to improve the formatting of the report.